docs: Fixes broken link to SPDX expressions docs (#14339)
Homebrew/brew: docs/License-Guidelines.md

## Complex SPDX License Expressions

> Some formulae have multiple licenses that need to be combined in different ways. In these cases, a more complex license expression can be used. These expressions are based on the [SPDX License Expression Guidelines](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v2.3/SPDX-license-expressions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some formulae have multiple licenses that need to be combined in different ways. In these cases, a more complex license expression can be used. These expressions are based on the [SPDX License Expression Guidelines](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/latest/SPDX-license-expressions/).
```

Tried this randomly and it seems to work.
